Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#247)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/contour-module-examples/index.md

---
title: "Contour Module Examples | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes Contour module and provides the Basic Contour Layer and Contours from GeoJSON data examples and additional references."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes Contour module and provides the Basic Contour Layer and Contours from GeoJSON data examples and links to related topics."
```
